---
title: Red Wiki Editor's Notice
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-05-23T06:05:18.019Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-05-23T06:05:12.731Z
---

# Red Wiki Editor's Notice

## To become an editor

Red Wiki is open for anyone, as long as you have interpretations or understandings that you want to share with the website and help us to improve. But you cannot post your article immediately, you have to get ***Editing permission*** in order to post your article. Here is the process of gaining it.

### 1. Contribute to Red Wiki

To become a Red Wiki editor, the first step is to contribute to this website.

You can contribute through the following ways：

1. Provide original articles and send to redwikiofficial@gmail.com. Please attach your ***Red Wiki USER NAME*** and ***Email*** for us to contact with you later.
2. Translate the current articles of Red Wiki, and send to redwikiofficial@gmail.com. Please attach your ***Red Wiki USER NAME*** and ***Email*** for us to contact with you later.

### 2. Request to Become an Editor

After contributing to Red Wiki, you can proceed to become an editor by emailing Red Wiki official. Please, again, attach your ***Red Wiki USER NAME***, and attach your screenshot of your contribution to Red Wiki as references.
After doing so, Red Wiki will reply within two weeks.

* If you become a Red Wiki editor, congratulations! You can **Upload**，**Edit**，**Manage** articles on the website. Red Wiki official will contact with you, and you will join a groupchat for Red Wiki editors for further cooperations.

* If your request got rejected, please do not feel discouraged. Because of the number of editors is limited for management, we cannot make every requester an editor. We appreciate and treasure your contribution for Red Wiki. We respect your effort, and you will have a higher chance of becoming an editor if you continue to contribute to Red Wiki. 

## Responsibility of Editors

1. ***Examine***，***contact***，***typeset***，***correct*** articles sent to the email or existing on the website，and use **Markdown** to present the articles that have passed examination on the website.
2. ***Improve*** and ***edit*** currently existing articles on the website according to reader's feedback or author's feedback.



We look forward to editors with passion and knowledge in Marxism to join us!

Red Wiki requires everyone's effort!
> Thanks to *Ulyanovskian* for the translation of this site.
{.is-success}
