---
title: Red Wiki User's Guide and Rules
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-05-23T06:19:30.180Z
tags: wiki
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-05-23T02:17:32.160Z
---

# Red Wiki User's Guide and Rules

Welcome, comrade!

Welcome to the Red Wiki, a Marxist wikipedia for everybody.

We welcome anyone. No matter your nationality, your race, your language, as long as you are interested in Marxism，or have read or understood some of the concepts, Red Wiki is open to you for studying and discussing. It will be our honor if you can help this wikipedia to develop, to improve, and make it a better place.

Official email of Red Wiki：redwikioffical@gmail.com

The following is the user guide for Red Wiki:

## About Articles

1. All Red Wiki's article belongs to their original author，Red Wiki exists as a sharing platform. If you want to use or cite the article from Red Wiki, please contact the administrator of this wiki, and then the administrator will ask for the author's opinion.

2. Red Wiki is open for anyone to ***contribute your piece***，***translate the existing articles***，or provide ***advise*** for our website.If you want to contact us, please use redwikioffical@gmail.com. We are happy to see advises from anywhere, anyone, at anytime.

* Contribution：
  * Use your **pen name** when contributing（for our convenience to give you credit on the website），and please briefly **summarize** your piece.
  * ***Please make sure that your article is original！We will know if you plagiarized.*** If your plagiarizm is identified, all your following contributions will NOT be accepted.
  * Your contribution will be examined by administrators and editors of the website with in **2 WEEKS**. We will contact you with your email that you sent us to inform whether your piece is selected or not and provide certain suggestions and opinions.

* Translation：
  * We accept any translation of our existing articles, no matter what language is it translated.
  * Please attach your **pen name**（to whom should we give credit to the translation），and the **language** that the passage is translated into 

2. All of the comment areas of our articles are opened. We accept reasonable and evidence-supported argument or questioning，BUT not abusing or cyber bullying. If you found questions that are unacceptable within the wiki, please contact us with the official email account to solve it. Any inappropriate comments will be deleted immediately. The first and second time where a user is detected abusing or bullying in comment zone, the user will receive a warning; for the third time, the user will be ***banned***.

   ## Discussion Zone

   1. The discussion zone is dedicated for ***Marxism*** related discussions，Not a place for chitchat！Please discuss things with significance and worth discussing，or it will be seen as a waste of the limited resources of this wiki. ***Administrators*** will delete all inappropriate discussions
   2. There shall be no discussions toward **race or nationality**. We respect everyone and respect every opinion, but we don't want to trigger an internet war. Before posting your discussion, please consider your content carefully for potential consequence.

   ## Editing Articles

   Please look for: [Red Wiki editing rule](/en/维基编辑须知) .

   ## Start Learning Marxism and Leninism

   You can access our Marxism introduction passage [quick introduction：five "W"s for Marxism](https://www.marxists.org/chinese/index.html). This is a brief guide to Marxism, in order for those new to the field to get into Marxism within one hour.

   [Marxism and Leninism library](https://www.marxists.org/index.htm) This is a website that contains nearly every Marxist writers and nearly all their pieces. It is open to anyone around the world, and could be accessed through multiple languages. You are welcome to study further in that website.

   **Let us learn together, prepare yourself with an abundant of theoretical knowledge, and be ready to reshape this world to a better place.**

> ​			Thanks to *Ulyanovskian* for the translation of this site. 
> {.is-info}
{.is-success}

